Update readme to de-emphasize the Mojo Playground (#1240)
modularml/mojo: README.md

We believe that a small, tight-knit group of engineers with a shared vision can move 
faster than a community effort, so we will continue to incubate it within Modular until 
it's more complete.  Please see the [Mojo FAQ](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/faq.html)
for more information about this and other common questions. We've opened this repo now

> because we want to gather issues and engage in feedback from Mojo users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because we want to gather issues and invite feedback from Mojo users. 
```

"engage in feedback" just seems odd. "get feedback" would work, too.
